well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about how
the president is now in favor
of melon voting you know because he was
against it
after he was for it and then
he's changed his tune again
shouldn't come as a surprise if he
understood why he was opposed to at the
beginning
he tried to differentiate between
absentee and melon voting
there's no difference absentee you have
to request melon voting they deliver to
you
neither is rife with any problems i want
to say it's like 99.97
percent of votes are legitimate there's
no
large voter fraud problem that's made up
something that doesn't really exist
but see the president's poll numbers
they were in the basement they were
really bad
because he's doing a bad job so
americans
don't approve of his performance
melon voting in a lot of places starts
like next month
so if they start voting when
they don't support him they'll probably
vote against him
that's the way he was looking at it
now he's probably figured out that here
in florida a lot of
mail and votes go to the republican
party
now whether or not that transfers to him
that's an entirely different question
but it's probably what led to this tweet
whether you call it vote by mail or
absentee voting in florida the election
system
is safe and secure tried and true
florida's voting system
has been cleaned up we defeated
democrats attempts at
change so in florida i encourage all to
request
a ballot and vote by mail hashtag
maga and it's full of all of the
random capitalization you would expect
from a trump tweet
see he thinks he's going to win here so
this election well it's good we need to
count those
but those in those other states that
would vote against him those are rigged
this shouldn't come as a surprise it's
characteristic
it's the 14th characteristic of people
of his
ilk people who want to suppress the vote
people who want fraudulent elections
they try to cast doubt on it they try to
undermine it
it's what they do it's what they all did
it is the 14th characteristic and he's
filling it out don't be surprised
when in another week or two he says that
it's going to cause rigged elections
again when he's
talking about a state that is going to
vote against him
his goal here is to undermine
the election to create a situation where
there's doubt
because he's fairly certain he's going
to lose
because he's a bad president
at the end of the day trump's support or
opposition
to mail and voting has nothing to do
with safety
or security or fraud or anything like
that it's about him
it's about his ego and his desire to
retain
power nothing more don't try to
overthink it it's all about
trump every decision he makes it's what
helps him
he doesn't care about you he never did
he doesn't care about america
he never did he doesn't care about the
constitution or the election
he never did he doesn't care about your
voice
he cares about power
anyway don't be surprised when he
flip-flops on this yet again it will
happen
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night